The bed is the grave of youth ": because we are so easily go to others auras and shadow shadow, foolishly noisy, also believe it is their own merits and value. And I insist indifferently with pale language do what I can to depict hostility between the ideal and the reality, and deep inside inventory already a long time of indifference and hope, renounces with the compromise. True and true. Youth, my lovely youth. We all right or wrong, we all love but forget. You cry when you walk or how, I just hurt but still smile. I would like to quote a sentence has been said many times, my life in the warmth of so many, all to you, how to call me how to smile to others. There are some things that really do not expect to complete, some people really do not think the fate of...... Regardless of how the God to give me the shell, I staged seventeen years of joys and sorrows, some people some things so clearly destroy destroy carved in the scenery along the way. I learned how to secure to lie to calm silence learned perseverance. Happy come in a hundred thousand turn back into a glass, I stood in the wind swept them into the darkest corner. There is no relationship. As to the bright eyes and white teeth smile to others, the night shadow loitered soul. Only strong everywhere. So if there is unfortunately you want to take comfort, sometimes short, not strong also want to be strong. Not be in rags have little food to eat sorry we don't have the qualification, find no kin to turn to, we can bring happiness to write long. Stranger end, scatter to a POU bleak dark white ashes, many ignorance of human can keep raising thick thin buried regret, in the melancholy elegy endings to this statue silent green tablet solitary soul to write a song Zhiqing to pay tribute to the so-called mourning? And the world, between the ephemeral, many skeleton is not cold bitter soul follow into the empty, but in this world also scoop up again not a trace of the memorial. I stand in the wind, the hand of the broom to sweep the floor of the glass to sweep the most dark corners of the heart. The wind is blowing through the hole. A year after that. And next year, but also so in the past. I don't know what is hidden behind the stable depressed, or frustrated in a snug. Just us, can't find.
The in order to forget the memory of ": forbear ordinary shell, like a fruit, like a sweet honey juice meat and flesh, and a single hard and shiny kernel. What fades away along with the years of living is our yearn for life. To have the most simple life, and the most distant dream. Even if the weather is very cold tomorrow, farroad crash. The youth, and the world for any period of youth amounts -- years the ephemeral joys and sorrows and so on wildflowers like to run its course combustion in the vast mingtu, decorate the passer-by's dream. See, in this world full of love and love, hurt and hurt, life is mean to us, because he always makes us disappointed; but, life is so generous, will always be disappointed to give us salvation.
"Far from the town": it was thought to be born again is a good thing. But now feel that it is more than a memory. Sometimes along the life of a stranger to the depths of the trace, it is clear that each person's soul in the same. If not travel, how far will understand every strange and beautiful life. If life gives me a thousand faces, I will always choose the most painful one to touch. There are a lot of people, you thought you could forget. There is No. They've been in a corner of your heart. Till the end of your life. At the end you will miss the light in every corner of the dark, because they form your memory and feelings. But you can't hug them. Can only be understood in the final, the road is a think constantly of process of loss. A deep thought is the link to the memory. It holds all the past. Sad. Also guide us to further the vast mingtu. This is our destiny to bear. But I'm still bitter as if it were malt sugar under its heavy weight, to balance the frivolous life. In this world, there are always more or more sorrow than you intend. Her usual posture, is hypocritical. Miss is the most helpless thing in life, not humble. But let me worry about people, I choose to forget. In this world of weakness and shame. Go far, but also can not reach the desired forever. Walk close, also can not return to the dream of. Man is always a group of people in the heart of regret and longing for the creatures, caught in the life of a one-way street, not far away, also can not go back. I have seen the faces of your most affectionate and the soft smile, in the magazine world lights give the same I struggling, he walked away with his nose in the air, love. Some things gradually become light out, you know it exists, but have forgotten how to exist.
"Earth light" because be related by flesh and blood relatives, so many words but a taboo. Communication is a shame, shame is close, only through mutual demanding and slander to express love to each other, is a matter of course, this is what a sad fact. Your mother's death is a grave for this world, but for you, the whole world has become a grave.
"The north": the people and the earth has a calm and simple appearance, which shows the history of thousands of years. If we don't want to be disappointed, the only way is to do it.